# Basic settings
window-decoration = false
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
confirm-close-surface = false

# Keybindings for panes/splits 
keybind = ctrl+s>\=new_split:right
keybind = ctrl+s>-=new_split:down
keybind = ctrl+s>x=close_surface

# Navigation between splits
keybind = ctrl+s>h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+s>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+s>k=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+s>l=goto_split:right

# Tab management
keybind = ctrl+shift+left=previous_tab
keybind = ctrl+shift+right=next_tab
keybind = ctrl+s>c=new_tab

# Quick tab switching
keybind = ctrl+s>1=goto_tab:1
keybind = ctrl+s>2=goto_tab:2
keybind = ctrl+s>3=goto_tab:3
keybind = ctrl+s>4=goto_tab:4
keybind = ctrl+s>5=goto_tab:5
keybind = ctrl+s>6=goto_tab:6
keybind = ctrl+s>7=goto_tab:7
keybind = ctrl+s>8=goto_tab:8
keybind = ctrl+s>9=goto_tab:9

# Config reload 
keybind = ctrl+s>r=reload_config

# Enable mouse support 
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

# Copy mode and clipboard
copy-on-select = true
clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow
shell-integration-features = cursor,sudo,no-title

gtk-single-instance = true
gtk-tabs-location = bottom
gtk-wide-tabs = false
window-padding-y = 2,0
window-padding-balance = true
window-decoration = false

theme = catppuccin-mocha
